+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------+
     COMPILING - COMPILING - COMPILING - COMPILING - COMPILING - COMPILING
               Compiling and running the Amnuts talker
+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------+

Amnuts talkers use a Makefile to compile the code.  You should look at the
Makefile and familiarize yourself with it.


Quick start:

The Makefile should be setup for most modern systems (I hope).  If you are
compiling from scratch you need to type in the following at your command
prompt, once you have uncompressed the files and gone into the src
directory:

make install

If you are running on a BSD system, then use:

gmake install

This will create the talker and its dependencies for future compiles.  The
talker binary will be in the top-level directory.


Make commands:

There are a number of different commands in the make file.  This should
hopefully give you a quick overview of what they are--though it could help
to understand if you read the Makefile.

install

	This will compile all files and fully install the talker.  This
	option can be optional when typing 'make' (i.e., just type 'make' or
	'make install')

clean

	This will remove any pre-compiled objects.  This is handy (and
	recommended) to do before you make again if you have changed any
	options in the Makefile.

distclean

	This will remove objects, backup files and any talker binary
	(including the ident server.)


Make options:

There are a number of options that you can change in the Makefile, if you
want.  These control what the talker binary will be called, permissions,
compiling flags, etc.  This should give you a quick overview as to what
they are:

TALKER

	The name of the talker binary when compiled.

IDENTD

	The name of the ident server binary when compiled.

CC

	What compiler you use.

BINDIR

	Where the binary file should be placed, relative to the Makefile.

INCDIR

	Where the include (.h) files are located, relative to the Makefile.

OBJDIR

	Where the object files will be stored when created, relative to the
	Makefile.

PERMS

	Permissions of the created binary files.

CFLAGS

	Compiler flags that are used, such as warning flags.

TALKERLIBS IDENTDLIBS

	Additional libraries that need to be used, such as crypt, or gdb.

TALKERCPPFLAGS IDENTDCPPFLAGS

	Definitions that are used within the talker to determine whether
	certain aspects of the code are compiled in.  The default of this
	is -DGAMES.  This means that the 'game' code will be compiled in,
	giving you and your users access to commands such as money, cash,
	donate, hangman, reload, etc.

	The possible options are: -DGAMES for the money/game commands, and
	-DNETLINKS for the NUTS Netlinks functionality.  If you don't
	want, or want, either of these (or both) then make the appropriate
	changes in the Makefile.


Adding files:

Quite frankly, if you cannot follow the header format of the others files in
the src directory, then you have no business adding new files of your own...
:)  But if you have added a new file (or files) then to get them compiled in
you must add them to the OBJECTS list in the Makefile, with the following
format:

                                $(OBJDIR)/spodlist.o \

Then do a 'make' again.


Previous compile instructions:

These are kept in the document to show what used to be used for compilation.
This will help you determine if you need to make any changes to the
Makefile.

Linux & AIX    : cc amnuts.c
IRIX & OSF     : ditto above?
HP-UX          : cc -Ae amnuts.c  (you need the ANSI compiler)
SCO 3.2        : cc amnuts.c -lsocket -lcrypt_i  
DYNIX 4        : cc amnuts.c -lsocket -lnsl
Solaris        : cc -lsocket -lnsl amnuts.c  (not guaranteed to work)
SunOS 4        : don't even bother unless you have gcc
               : gcc -lsocket -lnsl amnuts.c   (IF you have gcc)
FreeBSD        : cc -lcrypt amnuts.c
RedHat Linux 5 : gcc -lcrypt amnuts.c


Extras:

Some people have experienced extreme lagging with BSD systems when a user
logs on.  This is caused by the gethostbyaddr function.  If you find you
are having this problem then you should change the option in the config
file - you do not have to recompile with this version of the code.

If you are using MD5 encryption on your system, then instead of compiling
with the -lcrypt library you have to compile with -ldescrypt, as the
system Amnuts was programmed on used DES encryption routines.

+------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
