*** COPYRIGHT ***

From: neil@ogham.demon.co.uk
Newsgroups: alt.talkers,alt.talkers.nuts,alt.talkers.programming
Subject: Announcement: NUTS code is now GPL'd
Date: Thu, 18 Jul 2002 15:40:37 GMT
Message-ID: <1027006837.1806.0.nnrp-07.c2de0bc0@news.demon.co.uk>

Ok , this is an official announcement so just imagine some portentious
music and drums with a voice over of suitable gravitas.

I've decided to GPL the entire NUTS code from the very first version to
the very last. Since I can't be arsed to re-release all the code with a
new copyright this post will have to suffice. Why anyone would want to
use 10 year old badly written flaky code in their own I'm not sure but
someone did and asked if he could GPL it so I thought what the hell,
might as well GPL the whole lot.

If there are any questions just email me.

Neil Robertson

neil@ogham.demon.co.uk


Original Copyright for NUTS code:

If you alter the code could you please leave the credits in the code
(.help credits) and also don't change the version so much that it doesn't
say NUTS anymore when a user does the .version command. I find it annoying
that after I've spent months of time working on this software someone
comes along, changes a few commands then pretends its all their own
work. If you have a problem with any references to my name or the NUTS
name being in your talker then don't use my software, its that simple,
go write your own from scratch.

This software is freeware, it is *NOT* public domain, I retain copyright,
and since there is code in here that I have used in a commercial
system I have written I will take legal action on anyone and their
institution/employer who I find using it to their own commercial advantage
by way of selling the code of either this or a modified version. I have
no problems with anyone running a pay-to-use talker using NUTS however.

You are perfectly free to modify the code to suit your needs and
distribute modified versions *BUT* if you do could you please leave my
name, the NUTS name and the code header in the code and also note the
fact that the code isn't 100% original.

Neil Robertson - September 1996

